MA (EU) number 
EU/1/00/134/001 
Invented 
name 
Lantus 
Strength 
100 Units/ml 
Pharmaceutical 
form 
Solution for injection   Subcutaneous use 
Route of 
administration 
Immediate 
Packaging 
vial (glass) 
Content 
Pack size 
5 ml 
1 vial 
EU/1/00/134/002 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
vial (glass) 
5 ml 
2 vials 
EU/1/00/134/003 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
vial (glass) 
5 ml 
5 vials 
EU/1/00/134/004 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
vial (glass) 
5 ml 
10 vials 
EU/1/00/134/005 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
4 cartridges 
EU/1/00/134/006 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
5 cartridges 
EU/1/00/134/007 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
10 cartridges 
EU/1/00/134/012 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection   Subcutaneous use 
vial (glass) 
10 ml 
1 vial 
EU/1/00/134/013 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection   Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
1 cartridge 
EU/1/00/134/014 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
3 cartridges 
EU/1/00/134/015 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
6 cartridges 
EU/1/00/134/016 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
8 cartridges 
EU/1/00/134/017 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
3 ml 
9 cartridges 
1/2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EU/1/00/134/030 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/031 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/032 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/033 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/034 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/035 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/036 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
EU/1/00/134/037 
Lantus 
100 Units/ml 
Solution for injection  Subcutaneous use 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
cartridge (glass) 
in pre-filled pen 
(SoloStar) 
3 ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
3 ml 
3 pre-filled pens 
3 ml 
4 pre-filled pens 
3 ml 
5 pre-filled pens 
3 ml 
6 pre-filled pens 
3 ml 
8 pre-filled pens 
3 ml 
9 pre-filled pens 
3 ml 
10 pre-filled pens 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
