MA (EU) Number 
(Invented) 
name 
Strength  Pharmaceutical 
form 
Route of 
administration 
Immediate 
Packaging 
Content 
Pack size 
EU/1/99/119/001 
NovoRapid 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous or 
intravenous use 
Vial (glass) 
10 ml 
1 vial 
EU/1/99/119/003 
EU/1/99/119/006 
NovoRapid 
Penfill 
NovoRapid 
Penfill 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
Cartridge 
(glass) 
3.0 ml 
5 cartridges 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
Cartridge 
(glass) 
3.0 ml 
10 cartridges 
EU/1/99/119/008 
NovoRapid 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous or 
intravenous use 
Vial (glass) 
10 ml 
5 vials 
EU/1/99/119/009 
NovoRapid 
FlexPen 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
EU/1/99/119/010 
NovoRapid 
FlexPen 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
EU/1/99/119/011 
NovoRapid 
FlexPen 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
EU/1/99/119/012 
NovoRapid 
InnoLet 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
EU/1/99/119/013 
NovoRapid 
InnoLet 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
3.0 ml 
5 pre-filled pens 
3.0 ml 
10 pre-filled 
pens 
3.0 ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
3.0 ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
3.0 ml 
5 pre-filled pens 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
1/3 
MA (EU) Number 
(Invented) 
name 
Strength  Pharmaceutical 
form 
Route of 
administration 
Immediate 
Packaging 
Content 
Pack size 
EU/1/99/119/014 
NovoRapid 
InnoLet 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
3.0 ml 
10 pre-filled 
pens 
EU/1/99/119/015 
NovoRapid 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous  or 
intravenous use 
Vial (glass) 
10 ml 
EU/1/99/119/017 
NovoRapid 
FlexPen 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
EU/1/99/119/018 
NovoRapid 
FlexPen 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use 
EU/1/99/119/019 
NovoRapid 
FlexTouch 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
EU/1/99/119/020 
NovoRapid 
FlexTouch 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
EU/1/99/119/021 
NovoRapid 
FlexTouch 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
EU/1/99/119/022 
NovoRapid 
FlexTouch 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen 
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen  
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen  
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen  
2/3 
3.0 ml 
5 (5 x 1) vials 
(multipack) 
1 pre-filled pen 
+ 7 NovoFine 
needles 
3.0 ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
+ 7 NovoTwist 
needles 
3.0 ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
3.0 ml 
5 pre-filled pens 
3.0 ml 
10 (2 x 5) pre-
filled pens 
(multipack) 
3.0 ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
+ 7 NovoFine 
needles 
MA (EU) Number 
(Invented) 
name 
Strength  Pharmaceutical 
form 
Route of 
administration 
Immediate 
Packaging 
Content 
Pack size 
EU/1/99/119/023 
NovoRapid 
FlexTouch 
100 U/ml  Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
Cartridge 
(glass) in 
pre-filled 
pen  
3.0ml 
1 pre-filled pen 
+ 7 NovoTwist 
needles 
EU/1/99/119/024 
NovoRapid 
PumpCart 
100 U/ml 
Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
Cartridge 
(glass) 
1.6 ml 
5 cartridges 
EU/1/99/119/025 
NovoRapid 
PumpCart 
100 U/ml 
Solution for 
injection 
Subcutaneous 
use  
Cartridge 
(glass) 
1.6 ml 
25 (5 x 5) 
cartridges 
(multipack) 
3/3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
